hello everyone so it's my fight
tahri today I find for
new video so I was talking to you a
little minecraft and how to succeed well
on a server as we say we're going
see through blogs how to have
a lot of diamonds finally all that
you want on a server these tags at
chicken breaking blocks is done and we
will break blocks it had to be that
you want or clear too if you
so first you will need you
install nodules on the hostility that
lets you see through unlock
and that's so you're going to go in
registration or exchanged when they
are words you did you put
on the desk I already made you
press the windows key is no longer
dear that you score and run put %
ap data for his dance and who have to
you tell me the sign percent to ppda
thea for 120 euros this is however
that you're ok yes in a big happening
for minecraft been
and there you chose your minecraft
saw there are two problems for our
just I forgot to tell you enough
well you will lag and often so if
you do not have to be at the bongo I you
will show how to turn off fresh water
is also you can go to you
go get banged times
servers but it's rare it's mostly
if you stroll a lot of women are
servers to be evicted
so to avoid that and there is 1.3 pm a
third thing that says you do not
can no longer be fashionable by your
modes there that are in my mode all at
mode you will be able to use them more
finally I do not believe anymore because you
do not have any more generous than you have
installed so then you take your
badly kraft
if you want to keep the modes you
put on the desk so in fact you
add change finally you take your
bus or your minecraft you put on
the office here we are and if you want
joined and fashions you hand it
you resume motul the water from under the
engine so must open with
minaret so if you do not get up yes
nar you tell me and frustrated and I
would like the link on to minecraft point
rare so you take it you put it to it
live you can change the name
recently
So that's all and 1.5 r paris.com 1.5
so you did that yourself
have your minecraft and I'm going to
show how to use the right so
that's English
the only drawback so or ladies
10 players so it works the server me
I'm going to do on where I was showing
all the options because if there are any
ghetto plugins it does not allow everything
so here we go
so I have a month of practice you have
could see so I can fly comrades and
here I am not missing will tifra
voices there I take damage so in
does it's fresh water that allows you
of fly so pressed on air fly button
this is where you go
there you choose your what you
want from me what I took for
make believe right the day before the radar
of proactive and you know you're
like not appreciate I would like to be
like that and when you press y to
nothing when you could not apply
gets there so you press the little
collar guy fashion for the good see us
rely on batteries could leave
I put a right of the screen we
do as you wish you put it
you want after you can see the 6th
revision so you see all the blocks
there below you could see
that after that is settled but surely and
to regulate the revision so I think
it's me that I liked the most later
in fresh water is that you have in
which manager, alas, did only
you are done wherever you look
who managed at the bottom of external calls
vxv editor and there you choose said
here
and there you pick all the blocks that
you want what you want to put
so to activate att for the head to
through the blues you can activate this
that you want to avoid arriving
to activate the earth by cons
that under the earth you will not see a
work is blocked it's totally
normal we have where you see risk to
through his blog other fake it takes
so avoid the earth is normal so
that this is me I activated all
minerals game we're trying to do that and
a lot of unusual offside for
find all the blogs there are also we
could see them
here I am I can sprint hyper
quickly so that's another way
of fresh water so this is this crime this
we were facing so you press
sprint they go to the festival he'll be
marked normal so to activate the
ostentation you knew and it marks you and
the commander will increase this price of
mark sprint and at his mark and two
girls fashion is pomp with multi mode you
write mode is ostentation and you put in
quai vallet I cheated
this is good so there you go
fries like me as fast as me so
you think you want to lose
much less scripted not so much
in fact it was still faster
but not dad anyway since
speed stance learned or so you
fill in y your pretty is so you
can put the day that's nice
So here I was lifted so far the
does this withdrawal fear that it does
weezer past you have to activate here it is
snow again one as you can the
see
so it would not matter that already
raises his took lightning to have to have
the all black craters must show that
see green so what and like you
can see the sae foot brasilia it's
simple bright that's it's crazy
bright alas with fulbright that's what
it makes winning it appears to have done
adequate do not know finally I believe that
the activated month here after you can
activate the mode to walk on the water
you can also activate spider man
floors and walls fly out for me any
tired but still there is no way
and who I am delighted a great fashion
for free for the server this stop of
see in fact the reverse chests that we
could see we see the chest down there
down which is green
a green square so it allows to see the
chests aged towards the blocks what is
a real benefit so back after you
have
to hit harder to jump more
strong relay also jobs so jumped
as I was like a sick year I
search fly here I find it anyway
enough or even that is witnessed
get a shock but barely the plugin
parents who call like that good after
there are some things that work
do not try the same if you ban
or not at last it's not bad it's just
it's going to be quick server history
you can come back that's all if you
Do not believe that you are going to be fertile
so that's all for this video
I hope you will have more than it is
I will have allowed you to well
ground survival and on the servers and b I
would like the next